Plan.md, before:

# Design Plan - Front End

## General

Two color modes: light and dark

- Light mode is the default

Needs accent colors of orange and green

Get and use custom font "Love Ya Like a Sister"

*Reddit* is used as inspiration given that it is a message board as well

## App Main Page

### Header

- Contains Logo, Title, Subtitle, Search, Light/Dark Control

### \> Side Nav

- Router-links to navigate site
  - Text color & svg change color if active
- PNCF Promotions
- Board Guidelines

### Content

- Contains Side Nav and Content

### Footer

- Links for main site and login for moderators

## Board (Home) Page
- Contains message board for everyone to see
- Fetches the 10 most recent messages from database
- User can load more when they scroll down
- Site checks for new messages every 2 minutes


# Moderators

## Reviewing Messages

- Accept/Reject 
- Delete previous ones easily by clicking a trash icon
- Click words to asterisk(*) them out

## Configuring Promotions

- Add/remove promotions
- Choose layout for promotion area
  - 1 Single
  - 2 Side by Side
  - 2 Stacked
  - 3 > 1 Long and 2 Half Sized


___
# Possible Additions

- Allow moderators to pin or highlight messages
  - Either for set time or permanently on a seperate page
- Allow Users to upVote
  - Probably not since anyone can upvote unlimited times
- Threads and replies?
  - Messages on the message board may have a numerical indicator for # of replies
  - Indicator opens a page or dialog with that messages thread

Commit message:

Creation of Admin Page | Modifying plans for admins

Plan.md, after:

# Design Plan - Front End

## General

Two color modes: light and dark

- Light mode is the default

Needs accent colors of orange and green

Get and use custom font "Love Ya Like a Sister"

*Reddit* is used as inspiration given that it is a message board as well

## App Main Page

### Header

- Contains Logo, Title, Subtitle, Search, Light/Dark Control

### \> Side Nav

- Router-links to navigate site
  - Text color & svg change color if active
- PNCF Promotions
- Board Guidelines

### Content

- Contains Side Nav and Content

### Footer

- Links for main site and login for moderators

## Board (Home) Page
- Contains message board for everyone to see
- Fetches the 10 most recent messages from database
- User can load more when they scroll down
- Site checks for new messages every 2 minutes


# Moderators

PNCF may have future interns moderate for them. Create a lesser admin account where
superuser can configure permission

## Accessing the Admin Page

The link for this page will be on the official PNCF website, but those who are
aware of it may also simply bookmark the page. The link will lead to a login page
where the PNCF member will need to use their own credentials to login. 
The superuser (Mrs. Butcher) will have the ability to add and remove admin 
accounts. There will also be a log that displays what each user has done on 
the admin page.

## Reviewing Messages

- Accept/Reject Message Suggestions
- Delete previous ones easily by clicking a trash icon
- Click words to asterisk(*) them out

## Configuring Promotions

- Add/remove promotions
- Choose layout for promotion area
  - 1 Single
  - 2 Side by Side
  - 2 Stacked
  - 3 > 1 Long and 2 Half Sized


___
# Possible Additions

- Allow moderators to pin or highlight messages
  - Either for set time or permanently on a seperate page
- Allow Users to upVote
  - Probably not since anyone can upvote unlimited times
- Threads and replies?
  - Messages on the message board may have a numerical indicator for # of replies
  - Indicator opens a page or dialog with that messages thread
